How to use the system 'Ed' to play the game:
Open the file, click open 'terminal' (symbol like ">_") on the top right of the workspace, type out"python mazy.py",
then press the key "enter" to start the game.

#Remark: At the start of the game, you will be ask whether to check the game's best record or not. Your goal 
is to not only try to pass all the obstacles during the game but also use the shortest time to 
finish the game.

Background of the Game:
In this game, you'll be lost in a deserted forest, feeling scared and searching frantically for a way out.
With just a vague map to guide you, you'll have to follow it closely in hopes of finding the exit.

GAME CONTENT and RULES:

∙ MAZE
In general, the main body of the game is a maze, which is the 'forest' that mentioned in the background. 
As a player,assume yourself as the character 'P', simply use the WASD keys on your keyboard to control the movement. 
We try to make this game as user-friendly as possible.
That is why you can input multiple commands simultaneously by pressing the movement keys more than once, 
for instance, pressing 'WA' will make the player move forward then toward left.
YOUR GOAL IS TO REACH THE 'EXIT' and you will unavoidably encounter three obstacles, which is shown as '1','2','3' respectively. 
The moment you get to those numbers, you will trigger new sub-games, whose detailed information will be in the following text.
The moment you reach the 'exit', the game finishes and your play time will be recorded.
The result of the sub-games will be shown with your grade respectively.

∙ '1' the first sub-game -- SOKOBAN
As soon as you reach '1', you will trigger the game sokoban.
You control the movement of player 'P' with the WASD keys on your keyboard.
It requires you to push the '&'-shaped boxes to the right storage area represented by the '0' shape.
If the boxes is at the corrected storage area, it will be changed to '@' symbol. 
When you push all the boxes at the right area(when all the symbol become '@'), you win! 
Since our game give you a chance to restart, you shall not give up if you can't win first try.
Still, be careful with each move!

∙ '2' the second sub-game -- 2048
This is the traditional game of 2048 where you combine all the number '2' spawned in a 4x4 area.
Use WASD keys on your keyboard to make all the spawned numbers goes the direction you desire.
To win the game, simply reach the goal of 256.
Try compete with all the player and reach the lowest time possible!


∙ '3' the last sub-game -- WORDLE
This game requires you to guess a 5-letter English word and you will have 6 chances to guess.
Our WORDLE dictionary make sure you can only input a 5-letter English word.
For the first word, just use any random 5 letter word you like.
We will check and state out the english letter and its corresponding location if you get it right
Use your 6 valuable opportunities wisely!

Now you understand the game rule, have fun and immerse yourself in the maze!




